Out in the land
Where the men are tough as cactus
Where the wild, wild West was won
Out in the land of the desperado
If you're as soft as an avocado
You're guacamole, son!
Home, this ain't it, pal
Home on the range
Home, better go git, pal
You ain't home on the range
Out in the land
Where the weak are target practice
Where they shoot the mild and meek
Out where the bad
Are a whole lot badder
If you're the type
With a nervous bladder
Your saddle's gonna reek!
Cause you ain't home on the range
Cowboy, you're really up the creek
Come on, girl!
Howdy, sheriff!
Home on the range.
Once upon a time,
I had a home on the range.
But not anymore.
It's no use crying over spilled milk.
Speaking of which, that's me.
I'm the cow.
Yeah, they're real.
Quit staring.
I'm sort of between homes right now.
I lost my old place,
thanks to the meanest bunch
of cattle rustlers in the West.
Alameda Slim
and the Willie Brothers gang.
Somehow they stole the whole herd
from right under our noses.
They disappeared without a trace.
After that, poor old Abner
couldn't afford to keep the place.
Or me either, for that matter.
Well, no matter how bad things get,
there's probably somebody worse off.
That guy, for instance.
Take a look at your new home.
A dairy farm!
Now we're talking.
Hope it's not
one of them fat-free places.
I know a place
Pretty as pie
Out where the river bend
Hits up with the end of the sky
It's left of Nebraska
And over a crest
On a little patch of heaven
Way out west
Everything's green
Know what I mean?
Darlin', it's quite the sweetest sight
That you ever done seen
Ain't nothing much out there
Just life at its best
On a little patch of heaven
Way out west
Bees by the dozen
Are buzzing real peaceful
Every bluebonnet, doggone it
Smells nice
Even the tumbling tumbleweed
Slows down to match your speed
On my tiny half an acre of paradise
Darlin', I swear
Once you been there
There ain't a view beneath the blue
That could ever compare
The only thing missing
Is you as my guest
On a little patch of heaven
Way out west
Why don't you come visit?
There's room in the nest
On that little patch of heaven
Way out west
That's my boy.
- Can hog!
- Don't yell at me.
The call of duty.
Why don't you handle this one, Grace?
It's time I gave you
more responsibility on the farm.
Really?
Thanks, Mrs. C.
I'll make you proud.
Get off my case,
little cocktail wieners!
I'm sensing a lot
of negative energy here.
That's our can. And Jeb took it.
And now he says it's his can.
Now, let's not play
the shame and blame game.
This is an organic problem,
and there's a holistic solution.
You don't get this whole farm concept
do you, sister?
Kill the goat!
- Give me the can!
- Come here, you little...
We're sorry, Mrs. Caloway.
Piggies, why can't you leave Jeb alone?
Why can't ya?
The poor old goat
needs peace and quiet!
- That's right. I need it!
- So, run along.
Take your can with you.
You take that can and... hey!
Come back here,
you little bacon bits!
Don't you have enough cans
of your own?
No, not really.
I'd be happy to take her in, Abner.
There's always room for one more.
Thanks, Pearl.
I gotta warn you, though.
She's a bit headstrong.
Now don't you worry, Abner.
I'm sure she'll fit right in.
So long, Pearl.
You take care now.
There's a newcomer at the gate!
Not now, Audrey.
- But it's a great big...
- Everybody! This here is Maggie.
Three-time winner
of the Golden Udder Award.
And the original Miss Happy Heifer.
A show cow?
On Patch of Heaven?
Now, I want y'all
to make her feel right at home.
You hear me?
Hey, thanks, everybody!
It's great to be here
in Patch of Heaven.
Don't everybody speak at one time.
What is this, the frozen food section?
Is this thing on?
Good morning, Margaret.
What a wonderful surprise to find
a fellow bovine joining the ranks.
Phony.
- I'm Mrs. Caloway...
- Hi!
...and this is Grace.
No applause and trophies here,
I'm afraid.
Just the fruits
of our good, honest labor.
Working stiffs?
Boy, I remember those days.
Wow!
You're the biggest cow I ever saw.
If you're in charge,
I'll take that as a compliment.
If you're not,
I guess I'll just have to sit on you.
Mom!
I'm only kidding!
Say, what is this
you've got jammed up in your ear?
Here, have an apple, kid.
Don't go near any luaus, though.
Wait a minute.
I got something stuck in my ear.
This one's for me.
That was good.
Awesome. Do it again!
Come on!
- That's so cool!
- Maggie's some fun, isn't she?
Teaching pigs to throw food!
As if they weren't sloppy enough.
I'm going long!
Dagnabit, Buck. Slow down.
Who's up for a game of tin can tag?
That can is a family heirloom.
Whoever wins is getting
a free tetanus shot.
Superstar, coming through!
Awesome!
- No autographs, please.
- I got your autograph, pal.
Who's the hot shot?
It's Buck.
City slicker.
Dagnabit, Buck. Take it easy.
This ain't no rodeo.
Why, good morning, Sam.
Is that ornery horse
getting away from you again?
Howdy, Pearl.
I came out
to bring you another bank notice.
This one'll be the last.
Every time I get a weak harvest
they send me one of those.
They'll get their money soon enough.
It's a whole new shooting match now.
The bank's calling in everybody's debt.
They're losing money something fierce
with all the cattlemen going under.
If they don't get their money
in three days,
they'll auction off Patch of Heaven.
What?
No.
But they can't take my place.
Why, I've been here
through twisters, blizzards...
Sam, this is my home.
I'm sorry. I'm truly sorry.
Sorry just ain't gonna save my farm.
Buck, I hope you're proud of yourself.
As a matter of fact, I am.
Thanks for checking.
You know, Pearl,
it don't have to be this way.
You've got the best livestock
in the county.
All you gotta do is just sell off
a few of these critters...
Stop right there, Sam.
They're family. You don't sell family!
Hold your horses.
You git before I start using words
no good woman should ever use.
- Don't bust a gusset, woman!
- Go on, Sam.
It is still my property.
Now git!
I said, git!
I was just trying to help.
That sure took the starch
right out of me.
I'm sorry, girls.
I'm just plum out of ideas.
I think we all know what happens now.
- Jeb, don't start!
- Now we all get eaten.
What? You don't think
people in town eat animals?
But who would eat a chicken?
Come on, guys.
There must be something we can do.
What could we do?
This just isn't fair!
- Fair! Good call, Curly!
- Ollie.
- What is?
Listen, what would you say if I told you
that you could win big money
and see beautiful downtown Chugwater
if you went to the county fair?
- Thank you for your input...
- Come on, let the new cow talk!
New cow!
Come on, Mrs. C.
You got a real good-looking bunch here.
I see some real potential!
Shucks!
Now, the fair is two weeks away.
I say we go to town,
butter up that sheriff's horse,
and get him to give us more time.
- What are we waiting for? Let's go.
- That's right.
What do you say, Caloway?
Absolutely not.
I won't abandon Pearl in her hour
of need for such a ridiculous plan.
She would be devastated
if she found us missing.
As far as I'm concerned,
that's not an option.
All right, suit yourself.
Come on, Grace,
we've got a farm to save.
You'll have to excuse her.
She's just a little tense.
Tense! What's her specialty?
Sour cream?
Going to town!
Of all the ill-conceived...
Now, don't look at me so crossly.
I know what you're going to say.
That Maggie and Grace will need someone
with my eye for detail
to keep them on the straight and narrow.
Say no more, I'll go.
Now, no mushy goodbyes,
my little ones.
You know how I get
about overly emotional displays.
What made you change your mind?
- I'd rather not talk about it.
- It's a chick thing.
- Good luck, girls!
- See ya!
- Bye!
- They're stew meat.
Hurry back.
She'll be coming 'round the mountain
She'll be coming...
She better hurry around that mountain.
I can't take this much longer.
Maggie, may I be frank?
Only if you let me wear the hat.
Lowbrow remarks may work for you,
but we prefer the gentle approach.
Well, she better
stick a sock in it soon.
The vultures are starting to circle.
She's not dying!
You sure?
We could wait around.
...no, nothing
When she sees Grandma
No more food for her
We'll keep you posted.
- False alarm, Clem.
- Roger dodger.
How do we find the sheriff's office
when we get to town?
Elementary, my dear Grace.
If we find Buck, we find the sheriff.
That horse is a legend in his own mind.
So, you think you got the drop on me?
Think again!
Jump back. Kiss myself!
Earth to Buck!
It's your move.
Great.
You were sleep-fighting again.
Almost threw a shoe.
Sorry.
It seems like all the other horses
are fighting bad guys and taking names.
Watch out, sucker!
Who put this here?
Buck, this ain't no Dodge City,
but we get our share of excitement.
Been waiting a long time
to give you this.
Telegram.
Howdy, Morris.
What you got there?
"Got Evil Eye Joe. Stop.
Bringing him today. Stop.
"Have money ready.
Signed, Rico."
Rico caught another one already.
Might as well give him
the key to my safe.
Hear that, Rusty? Rico's coming.
Yeah. I'm old. I ain't deaf.
Boy, wouldn't that be the life?
Riding with Rico. Cleaning up the West.
Kicking bad-guy behind!
Watch out, sucker!
All right, girls. We're going in.
Look, there's no fences.
What keeps the people from roaming?
They appear to be domesticated.
It doesn't feel dangerous at all.
It's perfectly safe.
Quiet as the farm at milking time.
- What was that?
- It's a gunfight.
- Hit the dirt.
- Who lives like this?
- What do we do?
- There's a star on that door.
That must be the sheriff's office.
Move, lady!
Swivel your hips
Give 'em a grind
Shimmy, shake
And leave your troubles behind
Get those cows off the stage!
- Maybe we came at a bad time.
- Charge!
How dare you!
- Daddy!
- Son!
I say!
What did I do?
That does it!
Hoof it on out of here, ladies.
Go on.
Come back! That was
the best dang show we ever had.
You've been on the trail too long,
you old coot.
What kind of sheriff's office is that?
Dancing girls, gambling...
How does he ever get any work done?
If that's the sheriff's office,
this town rocks!
If it isn't three maids a milkin'!
You girls are a little far from home,
aren't you?
If it isn't the phony express.
We want a word with you about this.
- What's that?
- What is that?
I believe you left this on our farm.
Wait a minute...
The place went bankrupt.
- Your farm is history.
- Don't you heifers get it?
Hold on, you two!
Give us two more weeks,
and we'll have at least 60 bucks...
You got three days to pay
or get on your way.
And 60 bucks don't cut it.
Looks like you need about...
I'd say...
750 of 'em.
Where are we gonna get all that money?
Maybe Maggie can just
pull it out of her ear.
Watch it, Caloway.
Rico!
Who is that?
Sorry.
Don't you know a hero
when you see one?
That's Rico!
The best dang bounty hunter
this side of the Pecos.
I could guess from here to tomorrow,
but I don't know how you do it.
Where's my money?
I got it right here for you.
Hey, they're giving away free money.
So, who else is out there?
The only varmint left is that lowdown,
good-for-nothing Alameda Slim.
Cattle rustler.
- What's the bounty?
- $750.
I got it!
Why don't we nab that Alameda Slim
and use the reward money
to save the farm?
That is a sensible idea.
I knew you'd love it.
Don't they have sarcasm
where you come from?
Wake up and smell the alfalfa!
It's perfect.
I'm gonna need a fresh horse.
A horse? Let me think...
I reckon you'd want a fast horse.
Real fast?
He'd also have to be able to go for days
without food or drink.
Stealthy.
Sure-footed in any terrain.
Look at me!
What about that horse?
You mean Buck, here?
I don't know. Buck's fast, all right.
But he's kind of a handful.
He'll do.
Suit yourself.
Hey, Rusty!
I'm wearing Rico's saddle.
I'm wearing Rico's saddle!
Great, I'll leave you two alone.
No.
There's no way in heaven or earth
that cows can catch an outlaw.
Look, all we've got to do is follow
this chuck wagon to a cattle drive.
Then we let the bad guys come to us.
We've no reason to believe this
chuck wagon is headed to a cattle drive.
Tommy, have fun on that cattle drive!
All right, Dan.
I think it is headed
toward a cattle drive...
We're not following this wagon
and that is final.
Come on. It'll be fun!
- Did you just hit me?
- Kinda.
- Stop it!
- Why?
Because I don't like it.
No, not the hat.
What about the hat?
All right, violence is not going
to solve anything.
Why don't we all
take a deep cleansing breath...
Hey now, mud wrestling.
Watch the saddle.
What in tarnation...
Maggie, for the last time,
I will not be roped into this scheme.
Come on, you crazy heifers.
Dagnabit.
Hey, partner, curb your livestock.
This town is clean.
Not exactly what I had in mind,
but this'll work.
It doesn't work for me.
Adios. Take care of Rico now!
Hasta la vista, heifers!
Give me a home
Where the buffalo roam
And the antelope play
Where seldom is heard
A discouraging word
And the skies are not cloudy
All day
Home, home on the range...
What was that?
It's a farm auction, ladies.
That's the last of the furniture.
Final item to be auctioned
is this piece of real property,
known heretofore as the Dixon Farm.
Do I hear...
What's going to happen to the cow
who lived there?
- She'll be okay.
- How do you know?
You're looking at her.
This was your farm?
We had like a family, too.
- What happened?
- Alameda Slim happened.
Sold to Mr. Yancy O'Del.
Pleasure doing business with you.
Cattle drive. Told ya.
- You both owe me a dollar.
- Step lightly, girls.
The male of the species
can be extremely hostile.
Come on, Caloway. It's not like
they haven't seen a cow before.
Hey, Barry!
Check it out.
Dairy cows!
Hi, how's it going?
Hello. Let me guess,
you're a Taurus.
Just keep moving
and avoid eye contact.
Pardon me, but what are three
lovely ladies like you...
Doing on a drive like this?
Just ignore them
and perhaps they'll go away.
They seem like nice guys.
Maybe they can help us.
Sure, we can help you.
Maybe we can help each other?
Look, lover-bull,
we're here strictly on business.
Sounds pretty exciting.
What kind of business?
We're looking for a cattle rustler
named Alameda Slim.
It doesn't hurt to ask.
Slim?
Why, Slim's just a scary bedtime story
to get little calves to behave.
- What was that?
- It must be Slim and the Willies.
Slim and the Willies!
No worry, darlin'. I'll protect you.
You have exactly two seconds
to remove your hoof
before I snap it off at the knee.
Sorry, ma'am,
I thought you were the blonde.
Come on, girls.
It's time to lose these ropes.
- Maggie, I'm stuck.
- Look out!
It's payback time. Cover me!
- With what?
- Howdy, Slim!
Be quiet, you fools.
We've got work to do.
Listen up.
There are crooks in this here West,
who have claimed to be the best
and they think they wrote the book
on how to rustle.
As good as they may be,
not a one's as good as me.
And I barely have to move
A single muscle
They call me mean, boys
Depraved and nasty too
And they ain't seen, boys
The cruelest thing I do
You see, I...
The sweetest way of rustlin'
Yet devised
'Cause when I...
Why lookee how them cows
Get hypnotized
- He don't prod
- He don't yell
Still he drives them dogies well
Which ain't easy when your chaps
Are labeled XXXXL
If you're looking
From a bovine point of view
I sure can...
Here we go, boys!
5,000 cattle in the side pocket.
Maggie, Mrs. Caloway.
Snap out of it!
The sound that cattle
Truly take to heart
Yeah, I can...
And smack my big ol' rump
If that ain't art
- He don't rope
- Not a chance
He just puts 'em in a trance
He's a pioneer Pied Piper
In ten-gallon underpants
I'm the real rip-roarin' deal
To those who moo
Thanks to my...
I got cattle out the old wazoo!
'Cause I can...
You just been a second earlier,
you'd a had that rustler dead to rights.
You boys see anything
before I got here?
We sure did.
We were just setting down to supper,
when all of a sudden
the lights went out.
All right, what part of "cover me"
didn't we understand?
- You guys okay?
- I don't know.
I feel like I was dreaming.
Slim started singing and all of a sudden
I lost track of everything.
Singing?
That didn't sound like singing to me.
And you know I have perfect pitch.
Grace, about your perfect pitch...
- Not now.
- All right, show's over!
You're interfering
with official police business.
Be right with you, big guy!
Buck is on the case, you know.
Don't embarrass me
in front of my partner, please!
You and he are partners?
How does that work exactly?
I mean, do you get to ride him
on odd days, or even?
He chose me specifically
because I have skills
that are essential
to capturing our quarry.
You boys headed back to town?
Yes, sir. We gotta go file
a report with the sheriff.
Give him back his horse.
This one's too skittish around cows.
And that, girls,
is what makes me and Rico
equal parts of one lean, mean,
crime-fighting...
...machine?
There it is, then.
Well, stud...
I'm no professional,
but I'd say the only mano y mano
you'll be doing is in your dreams.
Look out, Buck!
He's making a move on your left flank.
Leave that poor animal alone.
I realize you're very upset,
but if you'd like to join our group
and help us bring in Slim,
we'd be happy to have you.
However, there are a few
anger management issues
we need to discuss.
I wouldn't help you bossy bovines
if my life depended on it.
See, that's just what I'm talking about.
Bye.
"Come on, girls.
Let's go get Slim."
Cud-chewing heifers!
I can catch that Slim
with one hoof tied behind my back.
Wait a minute. Why don't I?
Partner or no partner,
that's what I'll do.
Forget it!
Definitely bipolar.
Move it, sister,
hero passing on the left!
- Watch it!
- Where are you going, hot foot?
I'm gonna go nab that rustler,
and show Rico I got what it takes.
Say goodbye to your farm, girls,
'cause Slim is mine.
It's hero time.
Watch out, now!
Get back.
Jump back, kiss myself!
This is a fine kettle of fish.
How can we compete with that?
Look at the bright side, Mrs. C.
Don't forget about our secret weapon.
Secret weapon?
Who better to catch a cattle thief
than a cow?
Even you can't argue
with that kind of logic.
Okay, maybe you can.
You know, Grace,
Maggie does so love your singing.
- How about a song?
- I'll get you for this.
5,000 Texas Longhorns!
Not bad for one night's work.
Pick a color.
I said, "Not bad for one night's work."
Thank you.
And judging by the earmark,
I'd say these are the last
of Big Mike Donald's herd.
Big Mike Donald had a farm?
That's right. He had a farm.
Now that all his cash cows
have disappeared
that poor sap's gonna be flat broke.
Perfect time
for a certain upstanding landowner
to step in and take all the land.
- Who are you?
- What did you do with Uncle Slim?
Put up your dukes,
Mr. Fancy Britches.
It's me. Hello.
This is the disguise I use to sneak into
them auctions and buy all the land.
You brainless, monotone monkeys.
You gotta be the richest land baron
in the West.
Yes, but the part
that really warms my heart,
is watching those homesteaders suffer.
Back in the day, I worked the
highfalutinest ranches you ever seen.
But those stuck-up ranch bosses
couldn't appreciate my talents.
Maybe they just didn't like
your singing.
My singing?
Songbirds sing.
Saloon gals sing.
Little bitty snot-nosed children sing!
I yodel and yodeling is an art.
Maybe they just
didn't like your yodeling.
He didn't mean it, Uncle Slim.
Everybody likes yodeling.
Why, it's one of the funniest,
cornball, goofy, silly sounds
in the whole West.
PATCH OF HEAVEN
Am I correct in assuming
that each and every time
we brought a herd back
to this secret lair,
you've managed to sit
in the exact same spot,
blocking that choice
piece of property from my view?
This is my comfy place.
What?
It's called Patch of Heaven.
Goes on auction Thursday morning.
Perfect. Pencil it in.
Thursday morning.
Right after we sell off this herd.
But it's just a little ol' dirt farm.
What's the difference?
When you're talking revenge,
every last acre counts.
I don't get it.
Weren't the cows supposed to come back?
Daddy, what's going to happen
if they don't come back?
But they are coming back.
Hogwash. We all know
they're never coming back.
What?
You don't know that.
Everybody knows that bovines
are the most intelligent,
crafty animals in the West.
He's right, you know.
Doesn't take a cow to figure out
they saw the writing on the wall,
and flown the coop
while the getting was good.
What?
No! They tricked us.
And deserted us!
Run for your life!
Excuse me!
Let's not forget
who we're talking about.
Remember when Grace helped you
figure out why you crossed the road?
Mrs. Caloway knew what to do when
your head got stuck in that spittoon.
Get off my case!
Maggie was gonna make us all winners.
I truly believe there ain't nothing
those three cows can't do.
Whatever they're gonna do,
they better do it soon.
I'm so very sorry, Pearl.
It's a real shame. It is.
I don't know what's worse,
losing my farm to the highest bidder
or knowing that my girls are lost
and alone out there.
Come on, girls.
Either I'm getting good at this
or his scent is getting stronger.
Go get him.
- Look out, Slim.
- No, it can't be.
We're on your trail.
This has "Buck" written all over it.
We're not going to let
this dumb old trick stop us.
Sooner or later, all these paths
will hook up and then...
No, the tracks!
Hurry up, girls.
Don't lose that trail.
What trail? I can't see anything.
Look out!
Flash flood! Get to high ground.
Come on, girls, we can't give up.
That's enough.
The minute this lets up,
we're heading straight home
to Patch of Heaven.
What about catching Slim
and collecting the reward?
We never had a prayer of catching Slim.
This whole ridiculous plan
is just so you can get revenge
on those cattle rustlers.
For your information, Duchess,
this whole ridiculous plan
is about us saving our farm.
Our farm might've had a fighting chance
until you came along.
What's that supposed to mean?
Strutting around
with your vulgar show cow behavior.
I was just...
Wasting our time
on your foolish plans.
Patch of Heaven has survived
every hardship nature can dish out.
But you are the biggest catastrophe
to ever hit our farm.
If that's the way you feel about it,
maybe we should just go
our separate ways.
That's the first good idea you've had.
Fine!
Fine.
It's not like your farm was ever
gonna feel like home to me anyway.
Rain is pouring down
Like the heavens are hurting
Seems like it's been dark
Since the devil knows when
How do you go on
Never knowing for certain
Will the sun ever shine again
Feels like it's been years
Since it started to thunder
Clouds are camping out
In the valley and glen
How do you go on
When you can't help but wonder
Will the sun ever shine again?
What if the rain keeps falling
What if the sky stays gray
What if the winds keep squalling
And never go away
Maybe soon the storm
Will be tired of blowing
Maybe soon it all will be over
Amen
How do you go on
If there's no way of knowin'
Will the sun ever shine
Wish I could say
Send me a sign
One little ray
Lord, if you're listening
How long until then
Will the sun ever shine again
- Wake up.
- Check, please.
Tasted a lot better in my sleep.
I suppose you'll be off now.
Where will you go?
Probably check out the Grand Canyon.
See Utah before I die.
Wait a minute, where's Grace?
Hi, there.
Boy, am I glad you guys are up.
Come look at this.
What on earth?
Where did this come from?
It's green, it's leafy and it's free.
Shut up and eat.
Good morning.
I see you tucked into your appetizer.
Never knew a pretty lady
without an appetite.
Now see here, you ruffian...
He's not a ruffian.
He's a genuine desert shaman.
Our very own wise man.
Shaman, chef, chief cook
and bottle washer.
I'm a jackrabbit of all trades
and at your service.
Folks around these parts
call me "Lucky Jack."
They used to come from miles around
for one rub of my lucky rabbit's foot.
Dagnabit!
This happens all the time.
Now where was I?
Voilà.
Now let me just get this on the fire
and it'll be ready directly.
Look, we don't eat meat.
It's kinda like a professional courtesy.
Perhaps we'll dine with you
some other time.
You see, Grace and I are returning
to our farm to say our last goodbyes.
We need closure.
I can sympathize there, sister,
I truly can.
Until recently, I too had a home.
Echo Mine, it was called.
Us jackrabbits lived there
for generation after generation.
Till some land-grabbing bandit
moved in,
and flushed us out
like yesterday's oatmeal.
Excuse us, my good fellow.
We must be on our way...
Wait! There he is!
Slim!
You mean this no-good varmint
is hiding out in Echo Mine right now?
- Without a doubt.
- What are you thinking?
I got a score to settle with that
rhinestone fat boy, and nothing to lose.
It'll be dangerous going after Slim
all by yourself.
Hey, I got the rabbit.
That's not all you got.
You got us.
No.
We are sticking to our plan,
and going home.
Hold on, you two.
As strange as this sounds,
Grace is actually making sense.
- Thank you.
- You want the money.
I want to get even. The three of us go
and we're sure to get him.
Once you collect the reward,
I'll walk out your front gate
and stay out forever.
Deal?
Your powers of persuasion are uncanny.
Deal.
Bovine bounty hunters.
Now I've seen everything.
Let's get moving, ladies.
Time for an underground smackdown.
Out in the land
Where the heroes meet their makers
Where the hale and hearty fall
Out where the fearless
Get the shudders
Justice is here
And it's wearing udders
The cows are walking tall
Home, this ain't it, pal
Home, home on the range
Home, home
Better go git, pal
Home, home on the range
Okay, boys,
let's go through it one last time.
Who am I?
Uncle Slim?
Correct!
Now, I put on my hat,
then I put on my spectacles.
- Who are you?
- Where's Uncle Slim?
It's still me!
Can't you stupid sack of hammers
get it right?
The ever punctual Mr. Weasely.
Okay, everybody make way for the big man
in black market livestock.
Who are you?
All right, move it, Bessie,
or I'll tan your hides right here.
Watch the suit!
Feast your eyes.
5,000 cows on the barrel head,
as promised.
The name's Wesley.
What do you say we get a move on
and load these cash cows
onto the train A-S-A-P?
- Let's go.
- Yes, of course.
Just as soon as I finish counting.
Lucky Jack, you did it. We're here!
I take my hat off to you.
- You got us here in one piece.
- Seeing is believing.
I don't believe what I see.
- It's Buck!
- Stallion of the Sim-moron.
I'm supposed to be here
in case a horse gets tired.
Cows only.
Look, friend,
you don't understand my situation.
No, you don't understand.
So, I'll say it again.
The only critters
that get by me are cows.
Cows only.
Come on, look. Cut me a break.
Now what?
What are you doing here?
Sorry we're late.
We got separated from the herd.
Right this way, little lady.
Tell 'em Junior sent you.
Howdy, partner.
Nice hat, ma'am.
Cheeky devil.
Excuse me, reject.
Coming through.
Hey, what gives?
- How come they got to go through?
- They're cows.
What? But what about the rabbit?
Obviously, he was with the cows.
I'm with the cows, too.
Hey, cows! Wait up.
Tell this guy you know me.
See, Junior, we're old friends.
Margie! Gretchen!
Miss... hat cow, come on.
It's your old pal, Buck, see?
Doesn't ring a bell.
No, wait. Come back!
Hang on a second.
They're just kidding.
You see, if you could...
Cows!
Don't make me hurt you.
I gotta go, but let's throw
on the old feedbag some time.
Stay cool.
It's hero time.
- What's the plan?
- Let's see.
You two get his attention while I
sneak up and knock him into the cart.
Then we'll rope him up
and wheel him to justice.
For extra measure, how about we conk him
on the noggin with this?
You go, cowgirl,
that's using the old hat.
Now you lost me here, missy.
Look, Jack, it's simple.
Cart, smack, rope, roll, justice.
Come on, Jack, focus.
Now is not the time to get
all scatterbrained and flaky.
Good, I'm not too late.
Sorry. Still staking out your quarry?
Pretty much, why?
Listen, I came to warn you,
one equine to another about Rico.
When he nabs that rustler, he'll be
in a big hurry to get that reward.
- So?
- So!
Once he catches his man,
the horse whip comes out.
- He's not shy about using it either.
- Horse whip?
Not only are you gonna be carrying Rico,
but that rustler, too.
Have you seen him? He's huge!
- What should I do?
- Run!
- Okay.
- Run like the wind!
Save yourself.
Go on, take off. Fade!
- Ride into the sunset.
- I'm out of here.
- Scram.
- Thanks, buddy. I owe you one!
God speed, my friend.
So long, sucker.
He must be taking stupid lessons
from that buffalo.
1,420.
1,440.
1,435.
4,336...
- Can't you morons count to yourselves?
- Come on.
Gotta start all over.
- There he is.
- Come on, let's go.
Hold on. You're forgetting
Slim's hypnotic control
over those with less than perfect pitch.
Jack, I hope you can forgive me.
For what, missy?
- For that.
- Watch it, toots.
How practical.
- Done counting.
- What do we got?
4,997.
What? Wait.
I thought you said 5,000, even.
Of course I did.
Gil must've miscounted, that's all.
There's one, up there.
The others can't be far behind.
Just you watch.
You're gonna like this.
Yodeling's an art.
What's the deal, Slimbo?
Maybe she wasn't an art lover.
Philistine!
Shut up, you greenhorns.
Bovine ain't be born
that can resist my charms.
Watch your back, Uncle Slim!
Gotcha.
Where do you think you're going?
- Now, Jack.
- Okay.
What the rootin'-tootin' blazes
is going on here?
Let's get out of here.
Come back here, dog meat.
- Jackpot.
- We got him now.
- Well done.
- Watch out.
It's Buck.
Hey, Casey Jones.
Grab the bills
and fire up the getaway express.
I gave up clown college for this?
It's Slim. I got Slim!
Rico's gonna be so proud of me.
Thank you.
Leave me alone.
Sorry.
Quick, girls. In here.
That was Rico.
What in blue blazes?
I'll knock you into next Tuesday.
Come back here.
- You're going down.
- Junior!
Get this off of me.
Rico's saddle.
I'm wearing Rico's saddle.
Surprise!
We made it, girls.
Ladies, we got company.
Stop. Hit the brakes.
Look out!
Dagnabit.
I guess I gotta do
everything around here myself.
Call me crazy, but I think
these cows got it in for me.
Maybe they just don't like your singing.
Shut up.
Mr. Weasely...
my money, if you please.
I was just keeping it safe for you.
Sure you were.
Protecting my investments
is what I pay this fellow for.
Let me present the most traitorous,
double-crossin' gun for hire
that I've ever had the pleasure
to call partner.
You're too kind, boss.
It can't be.
His reputation as a bounty hunter
is well-known,
but lately he's been doing a little
moonlighting and covering my tracks.
Rico's going to see you to the border,
so that nothing else goes wrong.
Now, if you'll all pardon me,
there's a little Patch of Heaven
on the auction block this morning.
He's going to buy our farm.
Adios!
I don't know how you got here, Skittish,
but stick with me and you may get
to like the other side of the law.
All right, move it, Bessie.
Get in there.
You don't want to be late
for that big roundup in the sky.
Get in there.
Come on, you stupid cows.
Lovely. Now get the engine fired up
and let's make tracks.
Make a break for it, ladies. Run!
Buck, have you gone crazy?
That's entirely possible.
Or maybe I just figured out
who the real heroes are.
Wait, what if this is
some kind of trick?
This isn't a trick.
It's a miracle. Come on!
So, you think you got the drop on me?
Think again!
This is useless.
Let's put our heads together.
More brains, less brawn.
All right.
Okay, Caloway. Fetch.
Lucky shot.
Mother of mercy.
Is this the end of Rico?
Bravo!
You stopped Rico cold.
Shucks, 't'weren't nothing.
Fat lot of good it done us.
Alameda Slim
has already flown the coop.
She's right. Unless we sprout wings
we'll never make it back in time.
I can't believe what I'm hearing.
This train goes right
by Patch of Heaven.
What is in the cud you're chewing?
How are we supposed to drive that thing?
How?
I'll tell you how.
The same way we walked off the farm
into the unknown.
The same way we fought off
those burly barmaids.
And the same way we braved
the Western wilderness
without the benefit of food or water.
We caught Slim once
and we shall do it again.
Who's with me?
Get out of here, you bulls.
Head for the hills.
- Let's get it on.
- Cows rule.
- Howdy, darling.
- Down here.
Look down. Hello, there.
I got two words for you guys.
Cold shower!
We don't have time for this nonsense.
We have a farm to save.
- Maybe we can help you.
- Maybe we can help...
Bye! Come up and see us some time.
CHUGWATER
5 MILES
No! It's the morning express.
There's a switch up ahead.
Way ahead of you, Pops.
Hop on.
- Come on, mule.
- Let's ride.
Road hogs!
See you back at the farm, girls.
Good luck!
This happens all the time.
Sold! All property and livestock
formerly known as Patch of Heaven
is hereby sold to Mr. Yancy O'Del.
Pleasure doing business with you.
O'Del's the name,
foreclosure's the game.
Set yourself over yonder.
Sign this deed,
and the property is all yours.
Much obliged, Sheriff.
There it is!
Home and hearth.
And a holy hallelujah of a curve.
- The brakes.
- No time for that.
- Won't we jump the tracks?
- We're making our own tracks.
This is going to be messy.
The whole territory belongs to me.
Five cents for these chicks.
Come on, now.
Do I hear two cents?
Hold your britches.
One at a time.
Run for your lives!
Watch yourself!
What's the idea,
crashing your train on my property?
It can't be.
Hold it right there.
Piggies, it's time to open up
a can of whup-hide.
Who the...
Get away.
You want to get nuts?
Let's get nuts!
It's Alameda Slim.
You think you've won?
It ain't over till the fat man sings.
Alameda Slim, you're under arrest.
Nobody messes with Pearl's girls.
- Say, girls, got milk?
- Buck!
Just kidding.
Take him away, boys.
Hope you like stripes.
Your cows can't do much
with Slim's reward money.
Think you can find some use for it?
My farm is saved.
Where's Maggie?
I can't believe she just left.
I'm gonna miss her.
So shall I.
Her brash manner, her bullheadedness.
She risked her life for us.
And who are we, but strangers?
We were privileged to know her.
She was a cow like no other.
Right down
to her appalling bodily eruptions.
That was good.
I was just having one for the road
when I heard all the nice stuff
you guys were saying about me.
Maybe I could hang around awhile.
How about forever?
It's your call, Caloway.
Is this barnyard big enough
for both of us?
Only if you let me wear the hat.
Come on, move your hides, girls!
Last one to the barn
sleeps standing up.
Okay, everyone, big smiles!
"So it was that Alameda Slim,
"most notorious and feared
cattle rustler,
"was apprehended and unmasked
by three unusual dairy cows."
Dagnabit, Jeb. How many times
I gotta tell you to wait your turn?
How many times have I got
to tell you to get out of my barrel?
It's so nice
that Jeb finally found a friend.
Here they come, everybody.
Well done!
Hi, ho, ladies.
Hey, Barry,
three queens, two kings.
Full house.
And the joker is wild.
Darlin', I swear
Once you been there
There ain't a view beneath the blue
That could ever compare
The only thing missing
Is you as my guest
On a little patch of heaven
Way out west
Why don't you come visit
There's room in the nest
On that little patch of heaven
Way out west